---
page_title: "Resource: vaultoperator_init"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for vault operator init
---

# vaultoperator_init (Resource)

Resource for vault operator init

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "local_file" "pgp_key" {
  for_each = toset(["one", "two", "three", "four", "five"])
  filename = "${path.module}/${each.key}.gpg"
}
data "local_file" "root_token_pgp_key" {
  filename = "${path.module}/root.gpg"
}
resource "vaultoperator_init" "example" {
  secret_shares      = 5
  secret_threshold   = 3
  pgp_keys           = data.local_file.pgp_key.*.content_base64
  root_token_pgp_key = data.local_file.root_token_pgp_key.content_base64
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `pgp_keys` (List of String) Specifies an array of PGP public keys used to encrypt the output unseal keys. Ordering is preserved. The keys must be base64-encoded from their original binary representation. The size of this array must be the same as secret_shares.
- `recovery_pgp_keys` (List of String) Specifies an array of PGP public keys used to encrypt the output recovery keys. Ordering is preserved. The keys must be base64-encoded from their original binary representation. The size of this array must be the same as recovery_shares. This is only available when using Auto Unseal.
- `recovery_shares` (Number) Specifies the number of shares to split the recovery key into.
- `recovery_threshold` (Number) Specifies the number of shares required to reconstruct the recovery key.
- `root_token_pgp_key` (String) Specifies a PGP public key used to encrypt the initial root token. The key must be base64-encoded from its original binary representation.
- `secret_shares` (Number) Specifies the number of shares to split the master key into.
- `secret_threshold` (Number) Specifies the number of shares required to reconstruct the master key.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `keys` (List of String, Sensitive) The unseal keys.
- `keys_base64` (List of String, Sensitive) The unseal keys, base64 encoded.
- `recovery_keys` (List of String, Sensitive) The recovery keys
- `recovery_keys_base64` (List of String, Sensitive) The recovery keys, base64 encoded.
- `root_token` (String, Sensitive) The Vault Root Token.

## Import

Import is supported from a json file with the Vault API schema:

```json
{
    "keys": [
        "...",
        ...
    ],
    "keys_base64": [
        "...",
        ...
    ],
    "root_token": "..."
}
```

Then run:

```bash
terraform import vaultoperator_init.example file://vaultinit.json
```
